A virtual machine (VM) is a virtual environment that works like a computer within a computer.
private ip address--In Internet networking, a private network is a computer network that uses a private address space of IP addresses. IN azure we call it network interface.
A network interface card (NIC) is a hardware component, typically a circuit board or chip, which is installed on a computer so it can connect to a network. 
A network security group contains security rules that allow or deny inbound network traffic to, or outbound network traffic from, several types of Azure resources. For each rule, you can specify source and destination, port, and protocol.
Inbound firewall rules define the traffic allowed to the server on which ports and from which sources. ... Outbound firewall rules define the traffic allowed to leave the server on which ports and to which destinations.
Virtual networking enables communication between multiple computers, virtual machines (VMs), virtual servers, or other devices across different office and data center locations.
A subnet, or subnetwork, is a segmented piece of a larger network. More specifically, subnets are a logical partition of an IP network into multiple, smaller network segments. ... Each computer, or host, on the internet has at least one IP address as a unique identifier.
A public IP address is an IP address that can be accessed directly over the internet 
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AZURE DEVOPS SERVER AND AZURE DEVOPS SERVICES
The cloud offering, Azure DevOps Services, provides a scalable, reliable, and globally available hosted service. It's backed by a 99.9% SLA, monitored by our 24/7 operations team, and available in local data centers around the world.

The on-premises offering, Azure DevOps Server, is built on a SQL Server back end. Customers usually choose the on-premises version when they need their data to stay within their network. Or, when they want access to SQL Server reporting services that integrate with Azure DevOps Server data and tools.
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AVAILABILITY SETS AND AVALAIBILTY ZONES
However, there is a distinct difference. While availability sets are used to protect applications from hardware failures within an Azure data center, availability zones, protect applications from complete Azure data center failures. An availability zone is a unique physical location that exists within an Azure region.
